Language, what are you doing?
When I didn’t teach you a bowl in the teaching materials
I'm a little worried and don't dare to go in?
You said, I will not lose, right?
It's okay, this is normal.
What's normal?
We have been put to sleep and never taught,
It’s not like I still watch it often, right?
Don't go, don't go, it's not appropriate.
What's inappropriate? This is generally inappropriate.
Besides, the prince is here,
If anything happens, Your Majesty will take care of me.
I don’t have to worry about you anymore, Your Majesty.
The prince used to treat the prince like that,
Do that to the prince, do that to the prince, do that to the prince.
I told you it's not suitable for you
Why is it so noisy outside, Your Majesty?
It's for you to come in and point it out.
You just said you had the upper hand, which meant the Queen Mother.
Tell me to let you and the princess
Import tools
If you have something to do and want a small profit, go ahead.
Let’s talk at the door from now on. What can Xiaosheng do?